# Responsive-Site
Project 3, or my responsive site, created for web development (web 105)

When first coming up with an idea for my site, I wanted to create a business that centered around something that I am very familiar with so that it would be easy to come up with page ideas and have a better idea of everything that needs to be included in a site for it. I chose to make a site for a drum/percussion shop located in Dubuque, Iowa because I have been a drummer for over eleven years and the Dubuque area is a place I really enjoy visiting. So I went with it. I looked at several other drum and cymbal websites to get an idea of the content I needed and everything that needs to go in for a site as such. I chose a simple color palette to help with usability/readability and to help make the content stand out more and not make the colors too distracting. I used a lot of the Bootstrap 5 framework as well as rows and columns to create a site that is almost all responsive and looks pretty good on all devices. Thanks to the bootstrap framework, I didn’t face any major challenges. But my javascript image change is unfortunately not all the way responsive and doesn’t look so good on a smaller screen. So that was something about the site that I am still unsure how to do. Also, some of my image sizing and centering was a challenge and some still aren’t perfect. Overall, I wanted to incorporate a different layout for each page and incorporate text columns, different size headings, and several javascript features that made everything a bit more professional.
